fix(curriculum): remove media query requirement, general improvements (#46639)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-flexbox-by-building-a-photo-gallery/6153a3952facd25a83fe8083.md

# --description--

> Because we set `justify-content: center` on the flex container the images will be centered. The `::after` pseudo-element creates an element that is the last child of the selected element. We can use it to add an empty element after the last image. If we give it the same `width` as the images it will push the last image to the left when the gallery is in a two-column layout.

Reviewer: What is `Because we set justify-content: center on the flex container the images will be centered` used for?

There is a possibility we need to change `after` to `before`, if we decide to change it to `row-reverse`

```suggestion
The `::after` pseudo-element creates an element that is the last child of the selected element. We can use it to add an empty element after the last image. If we give it the same `width` as the images, it will push the last image to the left when the gallery is in a two-column layout.

Author: To explain why the last image is not in the position we would like it to be.

But I agree after having shortened the text it feels a little out of place. I still think we need to motivate and more clearly explain why we are adding the pseudo-element.

Author: Maybe?

> The `::after` pseudo-element creates an element that is the last child of the selected element. We can use it to add an empty element after the last image. If we give it the same `width` as the images it will push the last image to the left when the gallery is in a two-column layout. Right now, it is in the center because we set `justify-content: center` on the flex container.

Reviewer: I have updated it 👍

Example:

```CSS
.container::after {
  content: "";
  width: 860px;
}
```

> Create a new selector using an `::after` pseudo-element on the `.gallery` element. Add a `content` property set to an empty string `""` and `350px` set for the `width` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new selector using an `::after` pseudo-element on the `.gallery` element. Add an empty `content` property and `width` of `350px` as its value.
```

Author: The `content` property isn't empty, it is an empty string. An empty property would suggest the value is missing.

# --description--

> Great job! You have created a responsive image gallery using flexbox. You can test the responsive layout by changing the width of the preview window. The images start in a three-column layout and stack as needed depending on the width of the window.

Reviewer 2: These instructions are quite lengthy, any chance you can try to shorted it a little @lasjorg? Also, there isn't a test for this step. Wasn't there a way to test this? I don't think we should have a step without a test. I don't personally mind it in some cases, but I don't think it's the way we want to go.

Reviewer 2: I definitely think we need a test here. As far as I know, we don't have any other steps in RWD that don't have a test - maybe somewhere in backend or something.

Author: I updated this step.

I removed all the congratulations and "try testing the layout" text. I also added the tests for the CSS so it is now a requirement.

body {
  margin: 0;
  font-family: sans-serif;
  background: #f5f6f7;
}

.header {
  text-align: center;
  text-transform: uppercase;
  padding: 32px;
  background-color: #0a0a23;
  color: #fff;
  border-bottom: 4px solid #fdb347;
}

.gallery {
  display: flex;

>   flex-direction: row;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  flex-direction: row-reverse;
```
